
February 6, 2023
The way their site and this app help us in making our shopping from online site is way too helpful....thank you for that...as because they help us to see the review of the genuine products....Thank you again for that...Love From India ❤️
Mark I

January 30, 2023
This extension has saved me $ and time, especially on ebay and amazon. I can always find a more reputable seller once I know one is questionable. They are good about updating the ratings if you select that option.
Ruth M

January 29, 2023
Fakespot is so useful I would highly recommend it...Why risk it? I had some bad experiences on Amazon before Fakespot but none since I added it.
Eddit

January 26, 2023
Great extension if you shop a lot online. It really makes you a lot more educated about the products you are trying to buy. The ratings are right on the money a lot with my experience with certain products. It can also weed out the fake reviews which really saves you time.
Elizabeth M

January 25, 2023
I've only had this app for about a month and it has already saved me from several bad purchases. The interface is easy to use and the information it provides is thorough.
Britton S

January 24, 2023
I found it very useful, and so far, the products have lived up to their evaluation system to date.
Kathy T

January 21, 2023
This extension is very helpful not only for Amazon purchases but other merchant websites as well. It will tell you if the seller is new and untested, if there are complaints about the seller, etc. I tend to only shop websites that have a Fakespot rating.
James B

January 16, 2023
Wouldn't buy anything on Amazon without it. Great tool!
Sherry R

January 11, 2023
I would not shop without it. I believe that it has saved me money, time and aggravation.
Noemi G

January 9, 2023
Don´t shop without Fakespotting first!
Richard P

January 8, 2023
Fakespot is Another Decent Way to Look at a Buyer/Product Been using this app for quite a while and generally follow it especially when a "Seller Warning" is exhibited... Is also quite helpful in selecting between competing products. I always use it.
DK

June 23, 2022
Very useful in helping to reduce getting scammed by unscrupulous Amazon sellers. Blends in seamlessly with the website, easy to install and use!
HS

June 19, 2022
Great extension. I appreciate the input regarding likelihood of fake reviews, which I would not be able to pick up on my own. It's really great! Love it!.
EC

June 14, 2022
This is my go-to app whenever I purchase from Amazon. You can find out about the buyer instantly and even have the score rechecked. It's a big factor in whether or not I buy something.
LR

June 6, 2022
I have been using Fakespot from the beginning and have saved myself a ton of money. I've had no issues with it's functionality whatsoever. It's a disgrace that we need a product like this, but am extremely glad that it exists. Now if only I could convince my family to use it!
IY

May 5, 2022
Not in the mood to gush...that being said, this app is a wallet saver! oh and you cans see the reviews the app is calling out as fake while its working. I always RECHECK reatings because they adjust the app gets better. some thing that had an F sometimes becomes a C months later.
JM

March 11, 2022
Of all the apps on my computer, this one is the most practical! It has saved me so much aggravation! Especially on Amazon where there are so many false reviews and the sellers who are not exactly trustworthy. I appreciate the protection. Fakespot watches your back!